MEDICINES
LAB TESTS
CONSULT DOCTORS
CANCER CARE
AYURVEDA
PARTNERSHIPS
CORPORATES
CARE PLAN
SAVE MORE
Offers
1
Need Help?
Enter your city
Search for Medicines and Health Products
QUICK BUY! Get up to 25% off on medicines*
Quick order
Health Resource Center
Hair Care
Fitness & Health
Sexual Wellness
Vitamins & Nutrition
Supports & Braces
Immunity Boosters
Homeopathy
Pet Care
Hi there!
Mobile Number
9958410404
Edit
Primary Email address
kskmohanty@gmail.com
Edit
Work Email address
Add email address
Add
My NeuCoins
You have 0 NeuCoins in your wallet
Subscribe to marketing emails
We will send you the latest offers, best products and updated medical information to your email address
Get whatsapp notifications
We will send you the latest notifications related to your orders and lab reports to your mobile number
India’s largest healthcare platform
260m+
Visitors
31m+
Orders Delivered
1800+
Cities
Know Us
About Us
Contact Us
Press Coverage
Careers
Business Partnership
Become a Health Partner
Corporate Governance
Our Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Editorial Policy
Return Policy
IP Policy
Grievance Redressal Policy
Fake Jobs and Fraud Disclaimer
Our Services
Order Medicines
Book Lab Tests
Consult a Doctor
Ayurveda Articles
Hindi Articles
Care Plan
Connect
Social Links
Download the Tata 1mg app
Reliable
All products displayed on Tata 1mg are procured from verified and licensed pharmacies. All labs listed on the platform are accredited
Secure
Tata 1mg uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) 128-bit encryption and is Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) compliant
Affordable
Find affordable medicine substitutes, save up to 50% on health products, up to 80% off on lab tests and free doctor consultations.
India's only LegitScript and ISO/ IEC 27001:2022 certified online healthcare platform
Know more about Tata 1mg
Access medical and health information
Tata 1mg provides you with medical information which is curated, written and verified by experts, accurate and trustworthy. Our experts create high-quality content about medicines, diseases, lab investigations, Over-The-Counter (OTC) health products, Ayurvedic herbs/ingredients, and alternative remedies.
Order medicines online
Get free medicine home delivery in over 1800 cities across India. You can also order Ayurvedic, Homeopathic and other Over-The-Counter (OTC) health products. Your safety is our top priority. All products displayed on Tata 1mg are procured from verified and licensed pharmacies.
Book lab tests
Book any lab tests and preventive health packages from certified labs and get tested from the comfort of your home. Enjoy free home sample collection, view reports online and consult a doctor online for free.
Consult a doctor online
Got a health query? Consult doctors online from the comfort of your home for free. Chat privately with our registered medical specialists to connect directly with verified doctors. Your privacy is guaranteed.
© 2026 Tata 1mg. All rights reserved. All medicines are dispensed in compliance with the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945. We do not process requests for Schedule X and habit forming drugs.
Our payment partners