Skip to
Main content
Keyboard shortcuts
Search
alt
+
/
Cart
shift
+
alt
+
C
Home
shift
+
alt
+
H
Orders
shift
+
alt
+
O
Show/Hide shortcuts
shift
+
alt
+
Z
To move between items, use your keyboard's up or down arrows.
.in
Deliver to Rohin
Mumbai 400051‌
All
All Categories
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fashion
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Pharmacy
Appliances
Apps & Games
Audible Audiobooks
Baby
Beauty
Books
Car & Motorbike
Clothing & Accessories
Collectibles
Computers & Accessories
Deals
Electronics
Furniture
Garden & Outdoors
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Foods
Health & Personal Care
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Jewellery
Kindle Store
Luggage & Bags
Luxury Beauty
Movies & TV Shows
MP3 Music
Music
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Pet Supplies
Prime Video
Shoes & Handbags
Software
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Subscribe & Save
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Under ₹500
Video Games
Watches
EN
Hello, Rohin
Account & Lists
Returns
& Orders
1
Cart
All
Rufus
Fresh
Prime Video
Sell
Gift Cards
Amazon Pay
Buy Again
Coupons
Today's Deals
Gift Ideas
Amazon Business
Health, Household & Personal Care
AmazonBasics
Books
Home Improvement
Browsing History
Customer Service
Bestsellers
Fashion
Rohin's Amazon.in
New Releases
Prime
Home & Kitchen
Computers
Grocery & Gourmet Foods
Electronics
Mobiles
Toys & Games
Sports, Fitness & Outdoors
Subscribe & Save
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Pet Supplies
Subtotal
₹1,65,900.00
Your order is eligible for FREE Delivery. Select this option at checkout.
Details
Go to Cart
₹1,65,900.00
Quantity is 1
1
1
Close Your Amazon Account
Please read this carefully
You are about to submit a request for us to permanently close your Amazon account and delete your data. Once your account is closed, all of the products and services accessed through your account will no longer be available to you, across any Amazon sites globally. For example, submitting your account closure request through this website will also close your account on amazon.co.uk, amazon.fr, amazon.com.mx and all other global sites to the extent you use the same credentials to access services and products offered through those sites.

If you have uploaded your own content in one of our services (e.g. uploading photos or videos to Amazon Photos), you may want to download that content before closing your account.

Please note, if you signed up for an Amazon product or service through a third party (such as signing up for an Amazon subscription through Apple in‑app purchasing or Google Play), you will need to contact that third party to cancel your subscription and discontinue future payments. Closing your Amazon account will not result in cancellation of that subscription.


If you proceed with this request you will not be able to access products and services associated with your closed account, including:
Your customer profile including your reviews, discussion posts, returns and refunds for orders.
Your Amazon Selling Partner account associated with your Amazon account, and the data associated with your account in Seller Central. This action is irreversible and can result in limited or no access to the Fulfilment by Amazon (FBA) inventory linked with your Selling Partner account.
If you use the same credentials to log into both your Amazon Business account and personal account, the request only deletes the account being used at the time of the request (which you can identify by looking at the Amazon logo above). To delete both Amazon Business and personal accounts, you’ll need to login and submit a separate deletion request for each account. If you submit a deletion request for your personal account when an Amazon Business account using the same credentials is pending verification, all data from both accounts is deleted.
Your Amazon Leo account, including your subscription and access to Amazon Leo internet.
Your Amazon Associates Programmes account.
Your Amazon Flex account.
Your Prime Membership.
Use of Amazon Pay. This includes viewing past orders and filing Amazon Pay A-to-Z Guarantee claims. Purchases using Amazon Pay that have not yet been billed and closed prior to closing your Amazon account may still be charged based on merchant’s shipment timing. Any subscriptions where Amazon Pay is the Payment options will have to be updated with a new payment method. It is your obligation to provide the subscription provider with a new Payment options for billing.
Your available Gift Cards balance will no longer be available for you to spend. You can check your balance on the Gift Cards Balance and Ledger page. You will not be able to redeem any additional Amazon Gift Cards. Any Gift Cards you have sent to other customers can still be redeemed on their accounts. Any third-party Gift Cards purchased from Amazon will still be valid at those third-party websites. If you have purchased Gift Cards on behalf of a Corporate incentive program, you must unenrol from that Corporate Gift Card program with the Corporate account manager.
Your comiXology account, content, subscriptions, gift cards and wish lists.
Your profile and preferences on wholefoodsmarket.com.
Your IMDb and IMDbPro accounts and associated account data, and any active IMDbPro membership.
Your Amazon Registry TLD account including all domains (.bot, .moi, etc.) purchased through a third party registrar and any value added services.
Your Amazon Freevee account including watchlist, videos and recommendations.


Digital Content
Your Amazon Photos (and/or Amazon Drive) account will be closed and all account content deleted. This data cannot be restored, so please make sure to download and save all your photos, videos and other content before closing your account.
Your Prime Video account including watchlist, recommendations, subscriptions and videos (including videos you purchased).
Your Amazon Music purchases, playlists and content.
Your Audible profile and membership(s), credits and access to your Audible content (audiobooks, podcasts, etc.).
Your Kindle content and subscriptions and any notes or annotations created through your account.
Your Kindle Direct Publishing account.
Author Central and related author's pages.
Your Amazon Appstore purchases, available Coins and your Appstore developer account or any Alexa and Luna accounts associated with it.


Amazon Devices

Your Amazon device(s), such as Echo, Tablets, E-Readers, Fire TV etc., will no longer be registered to your Amazon account and you will no longer have access to Amazon services Europe on your device(s) unless you register the device to another Active account. Information stored in Amazon applications on Fire tablets, such as saved contacts or calendar events, bookmarks in the Maps app and any device backups. You can download your contacts or calendar events using in-app download functionalities.

Alexa, the Alexa app and services available through Alexa (e.g., skills, alarms, lists, etc.) on your Alexa-enabled devices. Your voice recordings along with other Alexa content and data.
Account Closure Is A Permanent Action
Please note account closure is a permanent action and once your account is closed it will no longer be available to you and cannot be restored. If you decide later that you want to start ordering from us again or if you would like to use products and services that require an account, you will need to create a new account.
Please select the main reason for closing your Amazon account (Optional)


Choose Reason
I am not using this account anymore
I have another account
I want to create a new account
Account security concerns/Unauthorised activity
Privacy concerns
I have open issues with Amazon
I do not want to provide a reason
Choose Reason
Yes, I want to permanently close my Amazon Account and delete my data.
Close My Account
Please be advised that Amazon is legally required or entitled to retain some types of data, such as order history. We do this in line with applicable laws including for tax and accounting and fraud prevention purposes.


›View or edit your browsing history
After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.


Back to top
Get to Know Us
About Amazon
Careers
Press Releases
Amazon Science
		
Connect with Us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
		
Make Money with Us
Sell on Amazon
Sell under Amazon Accelerator
Protect and Build Your Brand
Amazon Global Selling
Supply to Amazon
Become an Affiliate
Fulfilment by Amazon
Advertise Your Products
Amazon Pay on Merchants
		
Let Us Help You
Your Account
Returns Centre
Recalls and Product Safety Alerts
100% Purchase Protection
Amazon App Download
Help
 
English  India
AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectibles
Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services
Audible
Download
Audio Books
IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities
Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands
Amazon Business
Everything For
Your Business
Amazon Music
Stream millions of songs
 
Conditions of Use & Sale
Privacy Notice
Interest-Based Ads
© 1996-2026, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates